Date of Gitlab Tutorials: 10/17/2021
Date of Github Account creation: 10/17/2021



    1.Paste the console output you saved at the end of step 3.C (2 points)
	C:/Users/[security ommission]/OneDrive/Documents/GitHub/assignment2>git status https://github.com/Karnewarrior/assignment2
On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

nothing to commit, working tree clean

    2.How many commits have been done to the repository (not only by you, but by anyone) so far? Write the git command you used to get this information (4 points)
	Seven commits thus far, only one by myself. I did not use a console command, I'm using the Github Desktop which has a tab for History.
	
    3.When was the README.md  file modified last? Write the git command you used to get this information (4 points)
	Readme.md was last modified at 10:09 PM on 10/17/2021. This information was found in the history tab of Github Desktop
	
    4.Mention two reasons why branches are used in a Git repository (4 points)
	Branches are used to lighten data loads by only moving required files. A branch is simply a pointer to a source repository. This is why merging a branch is not possible when the source repository has had a more recent commit.
	
    5.What is the difference between git log and git status? (4 points)
	git log only shows the committed history, while git status includes modifications still uncommitted.
	
    6.What command would you use to see the commits where “Vehicle.h” was one of the committed files? (4 points)
	git --follow <filename>
	
    7.What command would you use to see the commits whose commit message contains the word “file”? (4 points)
	git log grep="file"
	
    8.In the context of object-oriented programming (I) What is inheritance? (II) What is polymorphism? (III) What is encapsulation? (6 points)
	inheritance is a class which is derived from and shares components with another class. Polymorphism is allowing a specific routine/function to use a different type of variable when required. Encapsulation is bundling data together, such as creating, moving, and accessing multiple variables/functions at once in the form of a class.

	9.  What is the main difference between the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow and the “Integration manager” workflow? (5 points)
	In the "Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow, there is only one repository that you're permitted to pull from, and only one person/entity is permitted to push to that repository.
	In the "Integration manager" workflow, each developer handles their own public/private repositories, which are then pulled by a manager, integrated, and then pushed to the central repository.

	10. How would a team of 100 developers benefit from following the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow instead of the “Centralized” workflow? (5 points)
	Centralized workflow would be constantly shifting, making pulling and pushing updates to the shared repository difficult. The Dictator workflow prevents this by preventing individuals who are not the dictator from pushing. The lieutenants are free to focus on integrating, and developers no longer have to worry about an untimely push from a coworker rendering their work difficult to push or even obsolete.